Remove setup.py reference in poetry episode (#305)
carpentries-incubator/python-intermediate-development: _episodes/43-software-release.md

~~~
{: .output}

> Note that we've called our package "inflammation" in the setup above,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we have called our package "inflammation" in the setup above,
```
